What's up?
I really like you
You see, they're all chasing into the box
The eldest lady is really charming
Handsome guy, are you here for me?
What did you just do? This is my employee
There are no rules
Bumped on my knees
I'm teaching him a lesson
Handsome guy, he also helps you like to be angry outside
Hey, do you want to come twice?
Did you hit the wrong person?
It's you
Okay, okay, okay.
I'll give up looking at the picture
Handsome guy, you got the wrong person
I'm the woman your boss saved.
handsome guy
So you'll lose just his chance.
Don't be too affectionate
I helped you just now because I was afraid you would get hurt.
Broke my restaurant's fertility
you
Ye Qiu played him, who are you so ruined?
He is my most precious sister
If you bully them, you can't get along with me.
It's your sister
I think it's your little lover
Oh, okay, okay, okay.
Oh, I see.
Ye Qiuyan
This is the wild man you hooked up with at work, right?
You two?
A company intern, a restaurant boy
Really offline gentlemen
Not this ugly safety
I'm here to see your boss.
I'll beat you
Blind your dog eyes
This is our boss.
I am Song Jingming, the boss of Shengshi